hey guys it's me DJ danny new ones in
the GT project season number 2 episode
number 15 and you currently have four
hundred and thirty three coins 22 wins
two draws and we've lost eight times but
take a look at our team dinatale this
area activist is brilliant as always our
Bundesliga take me on to buy one more
play for that team so I'm just going to
play one more game in Division two and
then we can buy the perfect player for
the Bundesliga team then we have two
perfect team so I yeah division number
two on seasons I think we have four
points out of two games which is pretty
good eight games remaining I'm the only
30 more points to win the division title
and to get to division 1 let's find the
first opponent of this episode and we
get mad stopping is an amazing ligue 1
team bus story I'm in the team as well
that Betsy for England player Surrey
goal is gonna be tough Jesus Christ
there we go Morales don't shoot it oh
wow it's a good shot even though was
supposed to be a fake shot Oh it simply
I like this this is good oh my god it's
beautiful you say what a goal from surat
say individual skill moves from the
amazing surat say Jesus Christ wanna go
good save rooms here we go both one and
two that's a lot of pace oh my god
that's a good tackle they'll just say
the girl did I just save a call nutmeg
yes I just saved the goal penalty
penalty is that night how's that his
free-kick how was that what did I do
Jonathan inside the box it's a good ball
oh we get three okay Oh Anton up my
house that's a red card that is a red
yellow I'm struggling I don't really
know what to do but I'm just gonna do
this hope we can go over the wall ah
it's well done that is too new that's to
know amazing stuff from and but I've say
dinatale to nil well done Italy
to Morales Morales makes it a very no so
easy and I'm really enjoying this good
team plan can finish good finish good
finish I made finish and the connection
has been lost with your opponent good
three points to biopsy theory know and
we got four hundred and sixty-two course
with that win happy about that so now
we've got seven points in Division two
seven games remaining how many 10 more
points to be the division title and to
get to Division one champion price
10,000 coins beautiful and I think it is
time to check the market because I only
need one more play for the Bundesliga
team the backup team and it's a cam
let's check the market and I found the
perfect player for the team his name is
adelino under the era rates s 84 phase
eight from dribbling 73 shielding 73
passing forces given 14 * Bigfoot and I
bought it for 450 Coy's and that leaves
us with 445 points which is pretty good
23 won 2-0 and lost 8 times mikkeli this
team doesn't need you anymore so take a
seat on the pants and we're about to
welcome our lady signing Varinia welcome
to the club welcome to Bella see you
over like here and our team is 99
chemistry 79 rated overall mission is a
contract and then it's time to play our
next game in Division two ok so I just
bought this contract for 300 coins
contracts are getting so expensive but
here we go piss czech and now it's time
to play your next game in Division two
currently have seven points only 10 more
points and yeah this is find the next
opponent and we get matched up against
this Bundesliga team it's a very good
team Roy's levanto ski gut say oh god
it's a very good team
penalty what still has the ball Oh
unlucky amazing team play da go inside
oh good save from Adler very good safe
no it's good stuff from him he's gonna
whip that in no I don't think he is but
yes it's going to get the call Oh
beautiful beautiful to know what to 11 s
wine with equal as we're back in the
game no
every time
how good was that why did he have to
save it that was amazing and there goes
in on time I so Bella fc1 lalalala to
11,000 22 goals and s11 hey conceding
goals like that headers oh yeah that is
em good save from antler how the
hell did you say that for ten you're not
gonna take this Diego inside the box but
what's hang we go hell yeah hell yeah
beautiful go to to back in the game
again don't want to concede any more
goats now okay that's good Shaqiri what
is he gonna do it's left foot left foot
shot what a save beautiful ball to the
arena are related signing a later
signing he's gonna pass it us- yes my
students the ball he's gonna miss you
read that you read that what was that
you stopped oh and there goes the full
time whistle this ends sx bra Bell FC to
wal wal to limit those me to goes le and
s wanting to go to me and what can i say
this game should not have ended as an
equaliser as a draw I'm not happy but we
got five more than 50 cows with a draw
so that's it's decent I'm sure it's good
ok guys so now we've got 695 coins 23
wins 3-2 us when we lost eight times
eight points in Division two six games
remaining and yeah we can easily do it
we only nine more points and we still on
the last in Division two so that's a
good sign two wins two draws and here's
our backup team Bundesliga squad looking
phenomenal very good team and I'm really
enjoying playing with this and of course
the Serie I'd saying that's phenomenal
but now I want you guys to let me know
in the comment section below what you
want to do for the next episode to the
same up my coins or should I buy some
new players up to you and I hope you
guys liked this episode every day
peashooter that like button means a lot
to me and I appreciate your support it's
me Richard agar heaven
a good day